Assignment 4 - Multiverse
This assignment is quite an interesting one to accomplish. 
First, I started with my idea of just wanting something to do 
with multiversal travel, which has always been interesting, 
especially with the amount of content out there nowadays. 
So I went to Illustrator and started working on creating some 
svgs. This was possible because of Adobe's new AI system built 
into the application, which was super helpful to me. Although 
it took many tries to get each image I wanted, I think it turned 
out quite well. I then created the multiverse image and the 
branches myself. 

I have always associated a desk job with being a very boring job, 
as I feel that it is described as such in many pieces of media, 
and I figured it would be very interesting to implement that idea 
into my concept. We have the main character interested in other 
possible lives he may have had out in the vast universe, and 
luckily the branches come in just in time to take a peek at 
versions of himself looking much happier (minus the one of him 
at his grave). I figured this would be an interesting way to go 
about the space and time concept and perhaps not the most 
conventional, but it made the most sense in my mind. I wanted 
each version of himself to be living a very different life than 
him at different periods, showing one that appears to be in the 
past as he is a warrior, implying that in that universe he was 
born much sooner; meanwhile, there is another universe where he 
is much older, implying a similar thing. I wanted to have one 
grim one of him at his grave, just for the main character to know 
that there is at least one universe out there where his life
outcome is worse than what he is already doing.

This assignment presented me with some challenges, but most were 
resolved in class with your help, so I thank you again for helping
me. One aspect of my project I wish I could have incorporated was 
a little more design aspects, but unfortunately, I did not have 
enough time to accomplish this with the amount of other projects 
and finals I am dealing with. At the end of the day, I am quite 
pleased with the final product, and I hope you enjoyed exploring 
the multiverse!
